---
layout: post
title: "Lab 8"
author: Bryson DeLozier
---
[Link to my github repository][github-link]

### Easiest Parts of the Tutorial
- The tutorial was nicely laid out, and it was always clear what changes I needed to make.
- Scaffolding worked nicely for me, I heard others had some trouble with it.

### Most Confusing Parts of the Tutorial
- Adding the route template was a little confusing. Seeing the error message that the tutorial wanted to show me threw me off a little.

### Difficulty Translating in Step 2
- In my model, I had to decrease the minimum character length from 3 to 1 to accomodate one of my items.
- The fifth field I added in was "Celebrity Endorsement." I recieved warnings in the console that "celebrityendorsement" may become reserved for "the language" because it only contains lower-case ascii characters. I'm not quite sure what it means by "the language." None of these warnings seem to affect the functionality of my webpage.

### Jekyll Framework vs. Razor Framework
##### Similarities
- The various aspects of each framework are divided into folders underneath the project's main directory. You can begin to understand the structure of both frameworks just by looking at these folders.
    - _includes, _layouts, and _posts for Jekyll Framework
    - Migrations, Models, and Pages for Razor Framework
##### Differences
- The bootstrap directory for the Razor Page contains lots of javascript, while the Jekyll blog doesn't use any.
-  The Jekyll blog is mostly made up of HTML and markdown files, while the Razor Page uses a lot of C#.
- Razor Pages allow you to make changes to the file from your browser.

I feel confident making another Razor application, but I don't think I could do it from scratch.

[github-link]: https://github.com/brysonddelozier/csci340lab8